feat(pos,range): pos:to_mark(), pos.mark(), range:to_mark(), range.mark() (#39822)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua.txt

      • {range}              (`lsp.Range`)
      • {position_encoding}  (`lsp.PositionEncodingKind`)

                                                            *vim.range.mark()*
mark({buf}, {start_row}, {start_col}, {end_row}, {end_col})

>     Creates a new |vim.Range| from extmark range (see |api-indexing|).

Reviewer: marks, not extmarks, right? 
```suggestion
    Creates a new |vim.Range| from "mark-indexed" range (see |api-indexing|).
```

Author: Yes, this part of the description was just copied from `range:extmark`, sorry
